Add module dependency and execution order explanation (#200)
LiskHQ/lips: proposals/lip-0069.md

#### Application hooks

> Application hooks are module methods which are called during the block execution. These hooks can access the currently executing block header and the block assets, and make state mutations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application hooks are module methods which are called during the block execution. These hooks can access the block header being currently executed and its block assets, and make state mutations.
```

Reviewer: Should we also mention that they can access the state store?

> Application hooks are module methods which are called during the block execution. These hooks can access the current state, the block header being currently executed and its block assets, and make state mutations.

Reviewer 2: If we say that these hooks access the block assets, shouldn't we also say that they access the block transactions? I think what we want to say is that they can access the current state and the block header to process the state transitions induced by the block assets and the block transactions.

Reviewer: So basically it is the whole block and the state. Depending on the scope of the hook, you can only access a part of the block, e.g., one transaction and the block header, or one asset and the block header.

Reviewer: Maybe we could write something like the following:

> Application hooks are module methods which are called during the block execution. In general, these hooks can access the current state and the block being currently executed, and make state mutations. In most cases we restrict the access to the state and block to have a clean and modular framework for state mutations.  For instance, in the hook for executing a command only the containing transaction, certain properties in the block header and the state of the respective module is accessible.

Reviewer: Can be resolved from my side.

> Application hooks are module methods which are called during the block execution. In general, these hooks can access the current state and the block being currently executed, and make state mutations. In most cases we restrict the access to the state and block to have a clean and modular framework for state mutations. For instance, in the hook for executing a command only the containing transaction, certain properties in the block header and the state of the respective module is accessible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Application hooks are module methods which are called during the block execution. In general, these hooks can access the current state and the block being currently executed, and make state mutations. In most cases we restrict the access to the state and block to have a clean and modular framework for state mutations. For instance, in the hook for executing a command only the containing transaction, certain properties in the block header and the state of the respective module are accessible.
```

#### Block Generation hooks

> Block generation hooks are module methods which are called only during the block generation. These hooks cannot introduce state changes, but they have access to the currently generating block and they can add information to the block assets.

Reviewer: I think passive voice makes more sense.

> Block generation hooks are module methods which are called only during the block generation. These hooks cannot introduce state changes, but they have access to the currently generating block and they can add information to the block assets.

Reviewer: Should we also mention that they can access the state store?

Lisk SDK modules can define block generation hooks, state machine hooks and commands to add logic to the state machine. Each hook of the module will be called as described in the life cycle below (also described in [LIP 0055](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lips/blob/main/proposals/lip-0055.md)).

For the hooks which call all registered modules, the hook of a module will be called in the order of the registration.

> In some modules, it requires methods from other modules, and for that, the dependency needs to be resolved before registering the module to the application.

Reviewer 2: What do we mean concretely by "the dependency needs to be resolved"?

Author: What i wanted to mention was [these logics](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk/blob/development/framework/src/application.ts#L183-L200), where dependencies are manually resolved

Reviewer 2: Then I would maybe explicitly say that the dependency must be 'stated' or 'added'?
